testing3@gmail.com : testing
sally@testing.com: sally
carl@testing.com: carl
claire@testing.com: claire
gabriel@testing.com: gabriel
student@gmail.com: student
student4@gmail.com : student4
student5@gmail.com : student5
student10@gmail.com : student10
student69@testing.com : student69
tutor69@testing.com : tutor69
tutor96@testing.com : tutor96 #0.5 time difference from tutor69
sasha@testing.com : sasha
bradley@testing.com: bradley
chester@testing.com: chester
student6969@testing.com : student6969

Details:

testing3
shit


Sally
As a person who struggled with the GRE, I know the struggles that students often face. I know that it might be challenging to memorize long vocabulary lists, and to infer subtle messages within complex passages, but I'm here to teach you that it isn't impossible, and that with the right guidance, you too can score your best and make it one step closer towards getting into your dream school. I am quite patient with students and overall, I focus on both the material as well as the right mindset to achieving your GRE goals.


Carl
The most important thing for me as a tutor is to encourage and facilitate effective communication. As a tutor I try as much as possible to encourage learners to try no matter how unprepared they may feel. The truth is, no matter how good you are, the GRE has a way of doubting yourself. I know the feeling and I am here to help you overcome that and get into your dream grad school, just like how I did. The proudest moment of my life was when I made it to Stanford for a Master's Degree, and I know that I can help you achieve your goals as well, at least in terms of the GRE. Don't forget that there is more to grad school admissions than the GRE (not underplaying how important this test is, though).


Claire
I've been teaching the GRE for years. After I graduated from the University of Toronto in 2012, I realized that my passion lay in teaching, and I started off with tutoring aspiring graduate school students as a part-time job/hobby, but now I've made it full-time. Over the years, I have seen people repeat the same mistakes, and I have noted the kind of mistakes that people and make and the challenges they face. My teaching style is relaxed and informal. Please feel free to book a trial lesson with me to discuss how I can better help you.


Gabriel
I am originally from Bogota, in Colombia, and I had only learnt in English after I turned 13. However, that did not stop me from acing the GRE. Some people think that the test is impossible for non-native English speakers, but I can prove them wrong, not just with my own results, but with the results of my students, who come from various cultural and linguistic backgrounds. I started teaching during my weekends and free time at university, and I really enjoy it. Please feel free to book a trial lesson with me if you would like to learn from me. I can promise that it will be a rewarding experience, and with enough mutual effort from the both of us, I am confident that you will be able to do well on the exam.